Add Trainer Community meeting schedule to README (#155)
carpentries/trainers: README.md

- Arin Basu
- Amanda Charbonneau
- Mark Crowe

## 2022 Meeting Schedule

Trainer Community meetings are open only to members of the Trainer community and invited guests. Meeting times are listed on the [Community Calendar](https://carpentries.org/community/#community-events). 
Meeting topics may be proposed by any member of the community. Meeting topics may be proposed via this repository (ideally) or by [email](mailto: instructor.training@carpentries.org). 

> To submit a proposal here, please visit the [Discussions tab](discussions) and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To submit a suggest a meeting topic here, please visit the [Discussions tab](discussions) and 
```
to differentiate from other use of proposals on this repo

Reviewer: this link doesn't work
